ham	U dun say so early hor... U c already then say...
spam	07732584351 - Rodger Burns - MSG = We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a free nokia mobile + free camcorder. Please call now 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
ham	WHO ARE YOU SEEING?
ham	My painful personal thought- "I always try to keep everybody happy all the time. But nobody recognises me when i am alone"
ham	Thanks for ve lovely wisheds. You rock
ham	You intrepid duo you! Have a great time and see you both soon. 
ham	I asked sen to come chennai and search for job.
ham	Hi this is yijue... It's regarding the 3230 textbook it's intro to algorithms second edition... I'm selling it for $50...
spam	SMS AUCTION You have won a Nokia 7250i. This is what you get when you win our FREE auction. To take part send Nokia to 86021 now. HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1JHL 16+
ham	K, want us to come by now?
ham	How. Its a little difficult but its a simple way to enter this place
ham	Ha... Both of us doing e same thing. But i got tv 2 watch. U can thk of where 2 go tonight or u already haf smth in mind...
ham	Dont show yourself. How far. Put new pictures up on facebook.
ham	Watching tv now. I got new job :)
ham	Good afternoon sexy buns! How goes the job search ? I wake and you are my first thought as always, my love. I wish your fine and happy and know I adore you!
ham	I'm not coming over, do whatever you want
ham	Its ok chikku, and its my 1 of favourite song..:-)
ham	Did u see what I posted on your Facebook?
spam	Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0578 now!
spam	Todays Voda numbers ending 1225 are selected to receive a £50award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 3100 standard rates app 
ham	Do have a nice day today. I love you so dearly.
ham	Aiyo a bit pai seh ü noe... Scared he dun rem who i am then die... Hee... But he become better lookin oredi leh...
ham	Aight, I'll ask a few of my roommates
ham	Now, whats your house # again ? And do you have any beer there ?
ham	Do ü all wan 2 meet up n combine all the parts? How's da rest of da project going?
ham	"Getting tickets 4 walsall tue 6 th march. My mate is getting me them on sat. ill pay my treat. Want 2 go. Txt bak .Terry"
ham	Yes we are chatting too.
ham	Under the sea, there lays a rock. In the rock, there is an envelope. In the envelope, there is a paper. On the paper, there are 3 words... '
ham	I told her I had a Dr appt next week. She thinks I'm gonna die. I told her its just a check. Nothing to be worried about. But she didn't listen.
ham	You in your room? I need a few
ham	I dont want to hear anything
ham	 &lt;#&gt;  mins but i had to stop somewhere first.
ham	&lt;#&gt;  is fast approaching. So, Wish u a very Happy New Year Happy Sankranti Happy republic day Happy Valentines Day Happy Shivratri Happy Ugadi Happy Fools day Happy May Day Happy Independence Day, Happy Friendship,Mother,Father,Teachers,Childrens Day, &amp; HAPPY BIRTHDAY 4 U. Happy Ganesh festival Happy Dasara Happy Diwali Happy Christmas  &lt;#&gt;  Good Mornings Afternoons, Evenings Nights. RememberI AM the first to WISHING U ALL THESE...your's Raj
ham	One of the joys in lifeis waking up each daywith thoughts that somewhereSomeone cares enough tosend a warm morning greeting.. -
ham	I didn't get the second half of that message
ham	Guess he wants alone time. We could just show up and watch when they do..
ham	Height of recycling: Read twice- People spend time for earning money and the same money is spent for spending time!;-) Good morning.. keep smiling:-)
ham	Yup ü not comin :-(
ham	Yes, princess. Toledo.
ham	Can you plz tell me the ans. BSLVYL sent via fullonsms.com
ham	U in town alone?
ham	I to am looking forward to all the sex cuddling.. Only two more sleeps 
ham	We have all rounder:)so not required:)
ham	No, its true..k,Do u knw dis no. &lt;#&gt; ?
ham	I am on the way to ur home
ham	Dizzamn, aight I'll ask my suitemates when I get back
ham	Nimbomsons. Yep phone knows that one. Obviously, cos thats a real word
ham	I love to cuddle! I want to hold you in my strong arms right now...
ham	R u in this continent?
spam	SPJanuary Male Sale! Hot Gay chat now cheaper, call 08709222922. National rate from 1.5p/min cheap to 7.8p/min peak! To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
ham	Me i'm not workin. Once i get job...
spam	Our dating service has been asked 2 contact U by someone shy! CALL 09058091870 NOW all will be revealed. POBox84, M26 3UZ 150p
ham	Ü only send me the contents page...
ham	Night sweet, sleep well! I've just been to see The Exorcism of Emily Rose and may never sleep again! Hugs and snogs! 
ham	Don't Think About "What u Have Got" Think About "How to Use It That You Have Got" gooD ni8
ham	I can't right this second, gotta hit people up first
ham	Evry Emotion dsn't hav Words.Evry Wish dsn't hav Prayrs.. If u Smile,D World is wit u.Othrwise even d Drop of Tear dsn't lik 2 Stay wit u.So b happy.. Good morning, keep smiling:-)
ham	So what about you. What do you remember
ham	:( but your not here....
ham	Not directly behind... Abt 4 rows behind ü...
spam	Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066
spam	Had your contract mobile 11 Mnths? Latest Motorola, Nokia etc. all FREE! Double Mins & Text on Orange tariffs. TEXT YES for callback, no to remove from records
spam	Urgent! call 09066350750 from your landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or 10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150 ppm 18+
ham	No plans yet. What are you doing ?
ham	It's é only $140 ard...É rest all ard $180 at least...Which is é price 4 é 2 bedrm ($900)
ham	Me too! Have a lovely night xxx
ham	Prepare to be pleasured :)
ham	Hi.:)technical support.providing assistance to us customer through call and email:)
ham	if you text on your way to cup stop that should work. And that should be BUS
ham	Whens your radio show?
ham	Yar... I tot u knew dis would happen long ago already.
ham	You are gorgeous! keep those pix cumming :) thank you!
ham	A boy was late 2 home. His father: "POWER OF FRNDSHIP"
ham	JADE ITS PAUL. Y DIDN’T U TXT ME? DO U REMEMBER ME FROM BARMED? I WANT 2 TALK 2 U! TXT ME
ham	Spending new years with my brother and his family. Lets plan to meet next week. Are you ready to be spoiled? :)
ham	So what u doing today?
ham	I said its okay. Sorry
ham	Oh unintentionally not bad timing. Great. Fingers  the trains play along! Will give fifteen min warning.
spam	Get your garden ready for summer with a FREE selection of summer bulbs and seeds worth £33:50 only with The Scotsman this Saturday. To stop go2 notxt.co.uk
ham	K..then come wenever u lik to come and also tel vikky to come by getting free time..:-)
ham	Pls call me da. What happen.
ham	I keep ten rs in my shelf:) buy two egg.
ham	I am late. I will be there at
ham	Well thats nice. Too bad i cant eat it
ham	Wen did you get so spiritual and deep. That's great
ham	Have a safe trip to Nigeria. Wish you happiness and very soon company to share moments with
ham	Hahaha..use your brain dear
ham	Well keep in mind I've only got enough gas for one more round trip barring a sudden influx of cash
ham	Yeh. Indians was nice. Tho it did kane me off a bit he he. We shud go out 4 a drink sometime soon. Mite hav 2 go 2 da works 4 a laugh soon. Love Pete x x